Introduction

This is the early beta 1 release of the mantis scala client for the Ethereum Classic network.

This release is fundamentally a command line release allowing fast syncing of the Ethereum Classic network and processing of new transactions.

For a more detailed description of the functionality and configuration options see https://github.com/input-output-hk/etc-client/wiki

Known Issues

EC-269 JSON RPC network_version returns a value of 1 for morden network, correct version is 2

EC-270 personal_importRawKey allows the same key to be imported several times

EC-282 download gets stuck in a loop when downloading block headers from a single peer which doesn't have those block headers

Workaround - restart the client to allow another peer to be chosen

EC-174 Releases not signed. Potential security issue whereby neither our releases nor the components used to build our releases are signed as verified.

EC-283 Keyfiles exported from MyEtherwallet do not work

Workaround - edit the exported file and change all json keys to lower case (e.g. "Crypto" -> "crypto")

EC-278 Killing the client during fast download *might* result in missing block header

EC-268 Pending transactions may not get forwarded to new peers. A connection made to a peer when a transaction is already pending will not receive the pending transaction.

Workaround - resend the transaction when the client has peers

EC-265 Spurious "Could not open table" database error during regular sync.
Occasionally during regular sync the client will crash with an error saying it cannot locate a LeveLDB database file.

Workaround - clear out datadir and restart sync

EC-254 Full discovery 'kademlia' protocol not implemented. There are no known implications.

EC-244 etcstats.net data for mantis always seems one block behind

EC-167 Trying to run "regular sync" after an incomplete "fast sync" results in "Node not found" exception

Workaround - clear out datadir and restart sync

Feedback

Feedback gratefully received through the Ethereum Classic Slack channel #mantis_client_bugs




